annot: Bring the vegetable broth to boil
ACTID: 0
PRED: bring
[DOBJ, food] the vegetable broth (-1)
[PP, other, to] boil (-1)
annot: remove from heat
ACTID: 1
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] (0)
[PP, other, from] heat (-1)
annot: add shiitake mushrooms
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] shiitake mushrooms (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: cover it
ACTID: 3
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] it (2)
annot: rest it for twenty mins
ACTID: 4
PRED: rest
[DOBJ, food] it (3)
[PP, other, for] twenty mins (-1)
annot: Grate the carrot and ginger
ACTID: 5
PRED: grate
[DOBJ, food] the carrot (-1), ginger (-1)
annot: Tear the seaweed into 1 inch pieces
ACTID: 6
PRED: tear
[DOBJ, food] the seaweed (-1)
[PP, other, into] 1 inch pieces (-1)
annot: Remove the mushrooms from the broth
ACTID: 7
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the mushrooms (4)
[PP, food, from] the broth (4)
annot: cut the stems
ACTID: 8
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the stems (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: discard them
ACTID: 9
PRED: discard
[DOBJ, food] them (8)
annot: slice the caps
ACTID: 10
PRED: slice
[DOBJ, food] the caps (9)
annot: Add the tofu, seaweed to the vegetable broth
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the tofu (-1), seaweed (6)
[PP, food, to] the vegetable broth (7)
annot: simmer for 3 min
ACTID: 12
PRED: simmer
[DOBJ, food]  (11)
[PP, other, for] 3 min (-1)
annot: Add the broccoli, mushroom and carrots to the broth,
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the broccoli (-1), mushroom (10), carrots  (5)
[PP, food, to] the broth (12)
annot: cover it
ACTID: 14
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] it (13)
annot: simmer for another min
ACTID: 15
PRED: simmer
[DOBJ, food] (14)
[PP, other, for] another min (-1)
annot: Remove one cup of broth
ACTID: 16
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] one cup (-1)
[PP, food, of] broth (15)
annot: add it to a small bowl
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] it (16)
[PP, location, to] a small bowl (-1)
annot: gently stir it with miso until it is dissolved
ACTID: 18
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] it (17)
[PP, food, with] miso (-1)
annot: Add the dissolved miso into the soup
ACTID: 19
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the dissolved miso (18)
[PP, food, into] the soup (16)
annot: stir
ACTID: 20
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (19)